working is brasilia 16 of january sunday 20 at 7 pm
here on my left end the fabiano interpreter of the annulled pounds that the
roberto listen to our culture secretary
after real decades now we do have the real culture secretary and meets the
interest of the majority of the Brazilian population to the conservative population
Christian thank you so much for doing this mission
in this action I already knew that it’s not easy, right, but I’m playing with it until the last
strand of hair we will win this battle that here is right here could only be
right right our embrace vanthauze our minister
of education is when I invited you knew that your mission would not be easy is the
ministry has almost 300 thousand employees present a thousand president
many problems an education that did not work until the end of the last government
so much so that the Pisa test proves this is a low rear last place
in south america it was this and so in bolivia who took the exam of the countries that
take until bolivia has already passed a level that doesn’t even do that anymore
exam but in the south american countries we are behind the colombia of chile and
from argentina from uruguay and peru and everybody we were tied at the bottom
of the neighborhood the future of this youth to continue the education that we had until
little time is president I have an appointment here that we a 2018 was
I am sure that I will deliver education to the floor better
started in 2008 performed 32 years every three years
so at the end of your first first term we will know the result already
in these first three years I believe that we will show a connection in
18 that was released was now in 19 and then this media that likes it so much tried
put in your account there but the truth is the following who took 2018 were
the young children started in the first year with meat
had in hand when squid was president and they did it then was all the education of the
en the result is the last place in america
from the south the results of the schools of the military colleges of the military schools
by the very large military police in the state of goiás and
amazon many schools that is comparable is comparable students of
germany and if you were making pizza at that school when at the top beyond the
military school is top in the world but it is high in this semifinal only about 70
countries that makes the step test is in the top 10 we would now be two
states são paulo rio de janeiro did not accept the civil and military school is
someone has already stepped back has not yet the governors northeast side she of
left that they didn’t want either didn’t see it because it doesn’t matter for the topic
youth a people enlightened culture dance and the population and parents they give them
so they dream of civic-military schools the mayor cannot be
We are taking this initiative to several states where the governor
no longer wants the mayor who is an assembly error and there is no time will not have
in rio de janeiro the city of rio de janeiro will have in several cities in the
northeast that they will have because the mayor will have it in Maranhão here the
city ​​saint peter's believers someone watching came in contact with us
then I'll try to tell me that sometimes even a military man there so we can go back to
school and shouldn't anymore we will get president
so the model is working, we want to expand quickly throughout Brazil
but it is important that people choose their mayors and governors
aligned with you because there are people who throw a tantrum because they didn't want to
military civic school that the model that works so well will enter the account of
sir they will not want to understand it is so complicated president the crime the
that they do with the future of a generation is not to leave them far from an education of
quality or a quality knowledge it is better to have us we
ended due to a ceremony that was exciting with Venezuelan children
and it is very clear that this godless religion, this demon thing
which is cv socialism communism what did they do in venezuela a lot of
children waiting for two moments today with approximately 30 children from
is from venezuela who are in brazil are there and damn it and they are being
interiorized together with his parents although the white has a child who
the father was taking it the father gave it to relatives he came here the child did not
starve at the table there is no food there look you that you like that type
I don’t know you’re a lover of the squid, the UN was out there for the
Chávez campaigned with a mature man, you can only see she spoke in Venezuela
anything but democracy may be lacking and some say they have to forget squid there
dude you can't forget these people who broke up with brazil because they are
alive there we will dispute elections and 22 that this guy comes back and has no ambition
by power so an obsession don’t rest easy
I arrived better than I am, you have to vote for that person, but not that
is under discussion here is the future of Brazil with this regime is that it has in
venezuela that was no different from pt until recently here and speak to
news is going to have a reason is a little bit about the increase in outfit teachers
the person needs basic education according to the teachers are more or
less ready but i am not all teachers of basic education in brazil
also the eloy teacher who was abandoned all these years
you will be responsible, your government is delivering a bigger increase
real since fundeb was done since it was
this methodology of readjusting the floor of the teacher's salary to the fund
has a lot of student went on the streets against you last year against you
i'm just i'm just a presidency instrument the reality the truth the
money is mine I have people's money in taxes
now we are returning that right ok vicente asked me now
little on TV came through tortuous ways for me something
special governor of the northeast wanting us to see we're out of games to spare
more money for him to invest in another area because the adjustment he comes
president of the improvement that is providing an economy like the
economy is improving by increasing the collection fundeb which is the fund that the
people send to states and municipalities is to pay for basic basic education
for small children is the result of this general improvement in the economy
and this money that would go to them I wanted them to want I saw the
pressure because if it will veto if there is a connection between the increase in fundeb for the increase
teachers' salary and more money left in the hands of this class and the
you see the pressure whether or not it was the priority for the teacher, I will not
veto and this increase of 12.84 percent is coming out I know it is still low in
in relation to those what should be because they are these teachers are the teachers
president heroes so it's going from 2557 to 2886 that the
reference salary in most states and municipalities that readjust the entire
chain is the time of 12.84 percent i will not paraphrase nine fingers but never
before in history it had an increase above the real inflation that in the past had
inflation people are already forgetting this the pt was going to take brazil back
for inflation so this is news that I am very happy because it is
a beginning president I know the commitment that just has to continue
seeking improvement and readjustment and gain by basic education teacher and within
within the fiscal responsibility for not generating the inflation crisis as it was in the
the past is the idea because there is more to
you arrive at the economy commission you remember little time when there was a
announcement that the united states it is surcharged focus on aluminum the press
esculhambou with me even a bunch of my friendship a certain freedom the
American president resolved the matter the company wants to know how to resolve was
resolve the matter I will not know the press will not know how to resolve the
subject why I have to do is solve the problem
also just a few weeks ago the united states also announced that the
argentina had priority in the cd only in brazil the company also again
gloat over ilsinho shoe over what happened in the week
everything went well in brazil the american government said that the priority has passed
to be Brazil even because it looks who was elected vice president in argentina the
staff of dilma the staff of lula xavi's attention
tamer de fidel castro if they think it is so i love argentina
I hope that we do not work but at least
it seems that it fulfilled the return of these people in politics, you know?
she will have a lot of difficulty this week also yesterday I called my channel
boris johnson right the prime minister of the united kingdom i must
maybe I pass the he passes through here also strengthen our bonds of friendship
our commercial ties after all with england the
united kingdom left the foot of them now only one will be and sovereign to do
trade with the whole world practicing largely bilateralism brazil
logically interested in this market has a lot to offer them
also have something to think about us and I was very happy with the election of the oil
johnson's is not, after all, a person very much like us when it comes to
to economic liberalism and conservatism in the customs as well
speaking economics also did not register on the last day of December only milan was
to 1,039 reais after December inflation was
atypical it was a little bit higher than expected by us we edited another
provisional measure was not only for 1,045 is real you know i know there is little in a
small but you have to see that here that eternal fight of rights and duties in the
half the clt it becomes little for those who receive and
a lot for those who really pay but are coming without inflation with responsibility
something that nobody talks about president just like the experts
learned in ignorance said that US foreign policy would result in
nothing submission to the american empire but as they say it is only delivering
good results this proximity to the stride is generating good results in the
Brazil the policy that yours is conducting in the economy with the minister
paulo guedes is generating the lowest interest rate in the history of brazil four and
half a percent in real terms practically nothing
you are generating more than a million jobs in the first year of government I know
that for those who are unemployed it is still hard but it is dynamic this will
increase now this year growing two and a half percent real
we will reduce this unemployment even further with growth
increases the salary salary we have an energy problem also from there
our decision not to overcharge the sun I know the technical term is this right but
not about not to tax the solar energy that produce the photovoltaic plates
we need that and that story isn’t fair you
acts home put the panels and someone he finds something or you who ends up
investing maybe from a photovoltaic plate farm tax what you
produces if you want to sell it to someone and cow and to get there you have to
have a physical means to bring electric energy to the use of third parties must
make a deal with anyone who has the gift of wiring
how much will it be paid to take it there now who wants to generate for
your company your home wanted to sell the history of distance with juices
transmission emission itself without any problem
Brazil has energy to grow and we know we are lucky with a lot of
rain in brazil we can't wait to have a drought there for you and then take
providences is new is the real culture in brazil the thing that doesn’t
we had this idea of ​​making culture here a minority doesn't have to
make culture for the most we never censored used I revolted
with many films I had to suspend any concession that after all
there is no censorship now that making a book to listen to one
video one saw the movie I have several several June names on
my head I will not speak here out of respect for who across the street from
terrible screen and names are right can do but not with public money but
could pay the money i sell your house tapera money has a neighbor
going to make a movie that he wants but the entire announcement
sponsorship presupposes curatorship, there is a choice, a curatorial approach
that selects the films that are suitable according to that commission
judging so nothing more than that is not censorship is curated by brazil
against the good side of cinema until when I was going to speak to make a film about the
military period to tell the truth they never left the resources if you don’t want
invest in the question of ideology make a healthy culture that you father mother has the
pleasure of watching a movie and in the theater and in the cinema
to know if your youngest children went to a cinema at the mall, I will not be
assaulted with something that doesn’t match culture with education
not wanting us to know something, we’re going to launch a
public notice for cinema in late February and early March at the latest
this notice will have several categories short film in animation film by
first direction at the end of 2007 before but there will also be categories about the film
about the independence of brazil is very good and films about great figures
Brazilian history so let's try to create a
healthy cinema linked to our values ​​and principles is guided with this
idea of ​​conservatism in rather than actually an art that dignifies being
human that dignifies the human condition is to tell the true story of brazil
in 1500 so far it’s okay to tell the truth the truth above
of everything the truth frees up reserve and you are also programming in the square
right, the national arts award that was
so president this is going to be the biggest cultural policy of your
government and dare I say it is one of the biggest policies is to encourage
culture already advanced in the history of Brazil
this is a call for tenders that will sponsor a series of categories of work
if in these in a series of categories I’ve never heard the announcement of that size
presidency will then sponsor operatic plays
painting theater than the painting exhibitions of new Brazilian painters
sculpture literature new writers we will choose these new writers in the
whole Brazil and launch these books these new music writers in
categories popular music classical music as well and we got to pop culture and if
is also comprises comic books
so it goes from the opera to the theater through painting and even
the comics what is most interesting about this announcement is
that it will be distributed equally among the five regions of Brazil
then the same amount of money from funds that will be allocated to the
Southeast region that usually centralizes the issue of culture will be disputed
by northeastern region it was the north and central west region south so it will have
a distribution of these funds to encourage culture throughout Brazil and
is the best of all this president is the following is that we are going to offer after
these high quality works of art for the population with total
accessibility so we have half the tickets
of all opera performances in theater plays music shows will be
free and books will be distributed free of charge to comics
then we will have a father create quality works of art and will
offering this gives opportunity to new artists from all over brazil and gives
opportunity for the Brazilian public to take advantage of the high culture of
high quality works of art just don't get scolded by the press
I get upset but stay with the lies
now interview people is that in the past
interview renato pavan now fully the object
we had one from the globe online the week that was the best congratulations globe and the title is
the following heleno convinces moorish not to fire sergio moro
okay folks and this comes from the book that is being released by his team
loves there in japan dying of hunger that the
journalism was writing the book on she said I thought last year admits
go around I thought now how is the business is even a journalist now they
for devices affecting your thinking and raining clear evidence the evidence is
personal love of god has nothing to talk about the government has nothing to talk about
all the time attacking how you would like a press that sells is actually
training these people is to increase this country will walk a lot to see 12 thousand just to
collecting 3 or 4 is a problem now a press is ruining the whole country
with this type of misinformation, the press ends up with everyone
didn't have a game of parts was an external television
the good campaign is over Brazil will be difficult to return to
situation we found at the moment with economics indicated a little while running the
numbers showing an interest rate never seen in the history of brazil never
before seen in the history of brazil 4 and 6 percent name has no face ok look at
as a federal cashier the overdraft over 5 percent was 13 to
the cashier put it up and then the central bank resolved a growth one
consistent growth in investment in that flashback is that
it was only in the fast consumption that would generate inflation it went to 8 percent to the
total you know it but 8% 8 this is 13 i think he did three
of the five the difference is not much now the number of defaulters by
the third consecutive month fell here in Brazil people are also paying empty
teaching in brasília is hard some I even missed
borrowed my god from heaven i've also been the loser
I was not born president or born a federal deputy or alderman who was once an alderman
also and the times when it comes when the guy gets complicated and has to do more
a force to enter the overdraft now whoever has to enter goes to the
economy box is a side at 5% and our esteemed box building
pedro guimarães said it will decrease even more this percentage now
the other boxes only went to 8 in common agreement with winning because the box did not
put it down there I think that for the last few months there has been a little more than
300 thousand new savings bank customers, personnel are migrating from a
from the bank to the control box that they saw had to decrease and with the
with this policy, you know, it will force the other banks to decrease and I ask for
briefcase and the house is doing it according to your understanding has not
no decision no interference on the part of the chief executive here
moment the person does the same thing usually the fei teacher can go
although she present tomography done here the the hotel comes from the bottom of the sea is
celebrated the flamenco tubaína and tilapia da sardinha to the brazilian championship
of the lobster I cheered for you there in Catalonia but unfortunately it didn’t work
but it was there and be the one that the cold foot the base of the net afternoon where he had announced
sea ​​live we moved to yesterday in several
weather conditions it took to arrive arrived late yesterday it was not possible
live are already returning but delayed the return that in view of the
changes in atmospheric conditions very quickly
the staff is returning were there will participate in the date of the reopening of the
our base there go into the base that really proud of us all I
I want to see if these people speak obviously having ours ahead of them
our girls in maxson technology folks can do a light brief he
tell what is it for what brazil is doing there ask a series of questions
is how can you drink an antarctica beer a real was impressive just
we fight and I know you go there go there go there all the time there is a refrigerator
because it's the image of him speaking Iberian rivals is what this food like them
survive in their relationship with other people from other countries who are
in the region is how does their communication what
already discovered so far with scientists are researching are true heroes
really affect and with that new foundation now a lot more means to better
to work they are all from now on right and Brazil really
has to fulfill these prerequisites it becomes light between fame is owner
of the frozen continent which is the tactic
do you have with this same as you singing the piece I want to ask question
difficult you cross the river of course that without even the bathroom is a gift to 91
microcrustacean that is rich in that icy region what several countries and explores
even we have is entitled to the krill license but the productive sector can
wanting to invest brazil currently pays for since the 80's 100 thousand dollars
per year for a set up space and we do not use this capital fishing license
will leave in the opportunity we will chase
I tried to fight only you here, I knew about the potential of fishing in part
of Brazil if I knew more broadly I wouldn’t have
this included the ministry of fisheries he is secretary would have kept the ministry
fisheries that would have much more means to better work to make the
fish in brazil fish farming really loses our trade balance
despite it really is in the food and the Brazilian people is to have a proposal of
take the fish caught to school we have already sent 27 trades to all
governors and now we’re reinforcing it’s because we’re increasing the
production of fish both from wild fishing mariculture and in the culture that
it's a world model culture is growing and governors once again
governors from all over brazil the secretary of agriculture and fisheries has already
officiated the gentlemen giving this option has all the support of the federal government
for what purpose do we help local producers and obviously captain brazil
is gaining weight is the second fattest country in the world today and the resolution
of that obviously goes through healthy eating and fish with
sure better than fries better than so many things that are offered
according to the embrapa, he loves a hectare of lake lagoon for
hectare but always without the size of the football field
according to the embrapa of the departure per year of 10 to 15 tons of tilapia the same if
is in captivity in a super intensive system up to 100 tons per hectare
and we already brought technology, right, including Israel, a great model of that
in small areas is with oxygenation you will see the
the fish farm of the design of a rhombus went there with you to accompany you in the
home only at pici cultura on this trip I didn’t go there is a fantastic thing
wonderful fish farming arrangement in the desert brazil of waters
we have basins here, right? the basin here we have rivers in abundance coast there one
little more than 7 thousand km of costa rica 500 that do not fear that zeca coast the size
8,500 km of Brazilian coast Lagos frequently rains 4 in Brazil
everyone who cannot stay away from capital brazil the biggest holder of
world water resources and detail we are power in poultry farming
swine in poultry all this shows that even with the potential of nature that
god bless us fisheries management for many years served interests
party politicians that are no longer right
I would even like you to go up and down 1 minute to speak yesterday is
congratulating the management of our minister tereza cristina she created a nucleus
china within the ministry of agriculture and yesterday we filled the auditorium
of the ministry of agriculture is the productive sector of the iapó that the chuí shrimp
wild fishing is tilapia fish farming came and we did training as
export to china ie the capital at three stations to export fish
page they are the biggest fish producers
in the world and the biggest fish importers in the world each ash is Chinese as in
average 50 kilos of fish per year there are almost 1 billion and 400 million
inhabitants a large trade for new that was importing more fish not
go up more click here are helping soybeans when you did the one rightly complains
with reason and faith in supply and demand in the table or by the table aa meat
there are people to work beer by table, shrimp and not even in battle
there is no way a Bahian grandson is also the free personal market, Brazil has
a monstrous debt to pay last year we paid over 1 billion
reais per day of interest and debt amortization with a decrease in the Selic rate
forecast this year according to the central bank is we pay 110 billion less
of interest rates, Brazil is right, today it had a great businessman
assisting talking to me is from the mining area
he is wanting to explore vanadium in piauí
Piauí is the poorest state in Brazil, right? The penultimate one is Maranhao, I think
is the poorest yes it has been for three years however an environmental license from the state
and does not get the governor is the curator who indicates the
result in the environment, right now, a vision
of these people in this campaign, okay, the method he talks about exploring the
vanadium does not have any aggression to the environment but the environment secretary
governor's environment does not grant this environmental license and he is about to
a given up of the enterprise here after all state is ruling
by petistas the more informed the people were with the lesser the power
acquisitive the less instruction you have the easier it is the case of the pt to the power will
pick up will buy the vote with some some welfare projects
unfortunately this is a great truth there was come on let's take it and not this
history is still talking when the culture of the people of the west next to the
culture the Brazilian has been ill not deliberately during the last few
decades and culture is the base of the homeland are retaking here president to
ending this national arts award intends that this year 2020 will now be
a historic turning point this year 2020 through this award of
fostering his government the president will be the year of revival of culture and
of art in brazil i would invite all artists to launch the present edict
next week is next week will be published
in the official diary will have on the website of the special secretary of culture was already
is officially launched today a pre launch here with us sir and is to be
institutions from all over brazil so that we can create high culture art
quality in line with political transformations
that are happening in Brazil with the deep desires of the population that
they brought you the sca that is only now and we all
also together with you so this is what I said to myself 'when
the buyer last November who just placed an order that I place an
culture that didn’t destroy but that saved youth and that’s my
mission and the national arts award will be a great tool that in that
salvation of the Brazilian youth of the Brazilian people
through culture always one thing but the last detail that we close so much with
the government of rondonia colonel marcos rocha great friend governor mouse
strong hug governor banana loot from gdf
let's do let's do the first tilapia festival your business
side we want to do we are planning for the
June 29th Fisherman's Day and we want to enter the Guinness Book as the
greater distribution of fish from the esplanade of the ministries
and when I talk about lapel I was raised in the valley of the ribeira there is the river ribeira de
iguape what I think is the same thing is
known as 'the guy' summing up may be it may be because it has
several takes the relative, right? and also the 2nd festival the 2nd
do tambaqui festival that we did first last year always sambaqui
last special just are also everything
pacopedra award for tinga my fish produced is I love tobacco
neighbor but I confess that the gentleman who likes a sardine likes a goal
of an act but manjubinha manjuba of a young girl in riba is fretilin and was a boy
there was a big flood there and I, on the São Paulo side, went up each one of a zone
from the sea and through the air it’s cool a mesh of 10 and oil is makes it we can’t but
then the national army of the economy and lastly
because at the door of the dawn you are to deliver this invitation is the
aacute show in são josé square because the airport has continued to honor and give
a look here ensures that you get a lot of main conviviality it’s very good that
helps whenever possible that helps to promote that kind of activity the
trade in brazil we have to encourage this here to show that these
people have value but are helping by working on the issue of gas prices
the price of fuel I had today with representatives from
ethanol producers from the northeast with me were all over the region but a large part
of them wanting direct sales and for that it depends on the exchange bed in the senate
because it is to revoke a right of the national agency of the
free cnp oil is a revolution cannot sell there from the plant to the gas station
of fuel because it has to have an intermediary of the distributor path
this we are working towards not winning since rodrigo more
respect I didn't talk to davi alcolumbre Renda they are two on the agenda
there and if god wants us to break this barrier there and our forecast
is that the price falls at least twenty cents a liter of
ethanol because it avoids what he calls a crazy ride he leaves the refinery at 100
200 300 km around 300 km to stay 10 km from the plant da has not
that’s right, besides you don’t have to pay more in
forward what is it or who carlismo of alcohol you avoid path of the track that
this bring clue helps understand less city traffic - the sentence rendered
when it happens and it’s not just being there or not we also import diesel oil because
when he arrives at the port he says, right, he can't directly jettison a
fuel station in the gravel there is also often a lot of fun
are pipelines often to a transport car get off tank trucks because
not helping this is also the beneficiary much admiration of the fuel black and
an important thing in the already I think it was my piglet I want to talk no
I'm going to take off me piglet if it was she is not says is a reporter the woman I
I want to interfere in the state tax that the proposal that I am making to the
colleague of the press eugenio of the press
genius is genius jp doubt is generating stress does what i want i would like
right depends on the parliament is that the icms that is
a state tax
it was that you rightly complain here look at us at least 30% the price of
fuel
the state now that people are drinking terrible hurt there
the store the governor
this is the problem there in rio de janeiro is january the price i will talk
gasoline is $ 5 anahí average at the pump is on average 30% and then threatens the 50
at the refinery
having to decrease the value at the end of the line he is not that quickly answered
by the by the governor who keeps charging is one and 50
gasoline is right
to put an end
the deputy was in january will show that look at us
icms is from gasoline
gonçalves was the price of the fuel is the one at the pump detonated the
final bomb
is the carrier is the governor who is the federal government
you can calculate is the cane effect
the extra that burdens
put the price of a liter of gasoline
put it there 50
the supercomputer but that's how
governors don't
let's learn
ç
fear
button
look
t
dust
Is it over there
tel